---
sidebar_position: 6
description: Getting your design ready for production
---

import { Kbd } from '@site/src/components/Kbd';
import { DiscordLink } from '@site/src/components/DiscordLink';
import figmaExportKitDiagrams from './img/figma-export-kit-diagrams.png';

# Exporting Production Files

Once you’ve finalised your design and your kitting, you need to generate
production-ready files for Keyreative to take to manufacture. There are two main
sets of files you need here:

1. Kit diagrams
2. Keycap lists

These represent the two important sets of design files Keyreative needs:
information about which keycaps are included in each kit, and the specific
quantity of each keycap design, at which row profile and width that your sets
use. If you have designed custom novelty keycaps, you will also need to provide
the production design files for these.

## Exporting Kit Diagrams

In your project file in Figma, switch to the _Kit Diagrams_ page. Here, select
all of the parent frames representing your chosen kits — including any novelty
kit if you’ve created one — and press <Kbd mod={['shift', 'meta']}>E</Kbd> to
bring up the Export dialog.

<p align="center">
  <img
    src={figmaExportKitDiagrams}
    alt="A screenshot from Figma showing the Export dialog"
    width={317}
  />
</p>

If you then click the Export button, Figma will generate the various SVG files
and prompt you to save them locally. Note that, as previously mentioned, since
these diagrams use a naming convention of `Projects/KAP Template/Kits/Base Kit`,
the files will be exported to subfolders following this path structure relative
to your chosen export location; if you haven’t already, you should select all
these kits and rename them to include your actual project name, as [discussed
here][rename-kits].

## Exporting Keycap Lists

:::info

<div>
  The following process requires that you install the KAP Legend System [Figma
  plugin][figma-plugin-kap-legend-system]. If you’re new to Figma, or not particularly comfortable
  with the process, feel free to reach out on <DiscordLink /> for assistance.
</div>

:::

To export keycap lists, you will need to use the KAP Legend System plugin. This
plugin will generate a CSV file containing all the information Keyreative needs
to manufacture your keycaps. First, switch to the _Kit Diagrams_ page. Then,
open the KAP Legend System plugin by typing <Kbd mod="meta">K</Kbd> and typing
`KAP Legend System` to reveal the plugin in the list of actions. Click on it,
then click on the _Export Keycap List_ menu item.

Next, select the root frame for each of the kits you want to include in your
export, by pressing <Kbd mod="shift">Click</Kbd> on each one. You may find it
easier to do this from the layer list. Every time you update the selection, the
plugin dialog box will show a loading indicator as it determines which keycaps
are included in the selected kits — the larger the selection, the longer this
will take so be prepared for it to take a few seconds to complete.

The dialog box will update to show which kits you have selected, and once you
are happy you can click the _Export CSV_ button to generate the CSV file and
save it locally.

## Exporting Custom Keycap Designs

:::info

The KAP Legend System plugin for Figma will eventually be able to help you
automate this process, but for now if you have custom designs, reach out to us
on <DiscordLink />.

:::

[rename-kits]: /docs/tutorial/kit-templates#renaming-kit-frames
[figma-plugin-similayer]: https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/735733267883397781
[figma-plugin-kap-legend-system]: https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1499524134518548380/kap-legend-system
